Specifications
The smartphone that lets you live a little
Constantly on the lookout for new adventures? Then say hi to Xperia ZR, the super durable Android smartphone that loves a good time. And since it’s the only waterproof* phone that can film HD underwater, it’s always ready to make a splash and then capture all the fun in the sharpest visuals possible.
Learn all you need to know about the Xperia ZR durability
*In compliance with IP55 and IP58, Xperia ZR is protected against the ingress of dust and is waterproof. Provided that all ports and covers are firmly closed, the phone is (i) protected against low pressure jets of water from all practicable directions in compliance with IP 55; and/or (ii) can be kept under 1.50 metre of freshwater for up to 30 minutes in compliance with IP 58. Read more about the test results .
A display that makes you feel like you’re there
A generous, 720p HD display
With its generous 4.6” HD Reality Display, Xperia ZR provides you with an amazing viewing experience, no matter what you’re watching.
Intelligent screen
Mobile BRAVIA® Engine 2 automatically optimises images, making them sharper and brighter. It also offers you the best in contrast and colour management.
Clearer, brighter images
The OptiContrast™ panel gives you clearer images when turned on, while making the entire front seamlessly, solemnly black when turned off.
What makes the  Xperia ZR screen unique?
Always picture perfect
Low light? No problem. The Xperia ZR waterproof phone handles it swimmingly thanks to the super sensitive Exmor RS™. Backlit? With HDR for pictures and videos, all your shots come out just beautiful. Xperia ZR also comes with a 13 megapixel fast capture camera that goes from sleep to snap in less than a second. The dedicated camera key can shoot from a locked screen, meaning you’ll never miss a capture-worthy moment ever again.
How is the Xperia ZR camera special?
The Sony smartphone that loves to be part of the fun
With the ability to film Full HD underwater, Xperia ZR is the super durable smartphone that captures every moment in the sharpest visuals possible – rain or shine. Check out the video and get an idea of the adventures you and Xperia ZR will embark upon.
Xperia™ in Business
Discover the benefits and then get started
Xperia™ Care. We’ve got the answers.
Whether you need to download new software or want to find out about the latest new features, we’re here to support you. Make the most of your smartphone and receive help and support when you need it, right at your fingertips.
